exhibition-curator/README.md, before:

# nc-grad-exhibition-curator
Exhibition Curator
# Metro Museum Data
This is the application made by using the react.js. The Metropolitan Museum of Art of New York City's museum's data is fetched by API and then the application can able to perform the authentication functionality  rendering with the help of react hooks and libraries. The application is deployed using the vercel.  
# Artic Atrworks Data
This is the application made by using the react.js. The Art Institute Of Chicago Data is fetched by API and then the application can able to perform the authentication functionality  rendering with the help of react hooks and libraries. The application is deployed using the vercel.  

## Objectives

This is the ideal Museum Website which is made by using react.js and Node.ja mainly. 
<br> 
Secondly, To develop a modern, responsive user interface for searching and viewing data on the publicly available Metropolitan Museum of Art Collection API and Art Institute of Chicago By using the  knowledge of React, react.js and React Bootstrap to develop my solution. 

## Concept used in this application


1) React hooks
3) Bootstarp UI

## Functionality

To use the application, User first put some search criteria such as mouse ,sunflower etc and then press any one button to chechk data from two different Museum and then  App will render the output . 
## Setup

### System requirements

You will need to install Node v20.0.0 to run this repository.

### Cloning the respository
If you want to work with this repository locally you will need to clone it onto your local machine. To do this, navigate to where in your file system you want the repository to be saved in the command line, and run the following command:
```
git clone https://github.com/malakum/nc-grad-exhibition-curator.git
```

### Installing dependencies
This repository makes use of a few other packages that you will need to install before it is able to run locally. You can simply run below command in your terminal which will automatically install all the dependencies
```
npm install 
``` 
or 

you can install them by running these commands in terminal
```
npm install react-router-dom
npm i axios 
npm install react-bootstrap bootstrap



## Link
An online hosted version of this repository can be found at:
https://euphonious-strudel-18e6a7.netlify.app/

https://extraordinary-axolotl-fccdc6.netlify.app/





## How to test locally -
If you want to test this app locally, just run command 'npm run dev' in your command line. You must be on project directory before you run this command.

Commit message:

add new functionality so that user search after login page

exhibition-curator/README.md, after:

# nc-grad-exhibition-curator
Exhibition Curator
# Metro Museum Data
This is the application made by using the react.js. The Metropolitan Museum of Art of New York City's museum's data is fetched by API and then the application can able to perform the authentication functionality  rendering with the help of react hooks and libraries. The application is deployed using the vercel.  
# Artic Atrworks Data
This is the application made by using the react.js. The Art Institute Of Chicago Data is fetched by API and then the application can able to perform the authentication functionality  rendering with the help of react hooks and libraries. The application is deployed using the vercel.  

## Objectives

This is the ideal Museum Website which is made by using react.js and Node.ja mainly. 
<br> 
Secondly, To develop a modern, responsive user interface for searching and viewing data on the publicly available Metropolitan Museum of Art Collection API and Art Institute of Chicago By using the  knowledge of React, react.js and React Bootstrap to develop my solution. 

## Concept used in this application


1) React hooks
3) Bootstarp UI

## Functionality

To use the application, User fisrt select login page with valid user id . Here valid user id are mala ,peter and smith . then user can put some search criteria such as mouse ,sunflower etc and then press any one button to chechk data from two different Museum and then  App will render the output . Here user can select favourite data from museum and artworks.
## Setup

### System requirements

You will need to install Node v20.0.0 to run this repository.

### Cloning the respository
If you want to work with this repository locally you will need to clone it onto your local machine. To do this, navigate to where in your file system you want the repository to be saved in the command line, and run the following command:
```
git clone https://github.com/malakum/nc-grad-exhibition-curator.git
```

### Installing dependencies
This repository makes use of a few other packages that you will need to install before it is able to run locally. You can simply run below command in your terminal which will automatically install all the dependencies
```
npm install 
``` 
or 

you can install them by running these commands in terminal
```
npm install react-router-dom
npm i axios 
npm install react-bootstrap bootstrap



## Link
An online hosted version of this repository can be found at:
https://euphonious-strudel-18e6a7.netlify.app/

https://extraordinary-axolotl-fccdc6.netlify.app/





## How to test locally -
If you want to test this app locally, just run command 'npm run dev' in your command line. You must be on project directory before you run this command.
